Make multi platform targets parse deployment target per platform. (#510)
yonaskolb/XcodeGen: Docs/ProjectSpec.md

**Multi Platform targets**

You can also specify an array of platforms. This will generate a target for each platform.

> If deployment target is specified, it will be used for these targets. Or else deplyment target specified in [Options](#options) will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `deploymenTarget` is specified for a multi platform target, it can have different values per platform similar to how it's defined in [Options](#options). See below for an example.
```
